if your hands up and breathe
Justin
it's all right Lex life
mouth
hey saw help banks off his head is past
baby a little boy you get up until host
a beautiful hit him post up Tiago
yo ever first
I'll pretend
no no stop the fight you guys come on
let him go
rochester he's got his arms out he's got
his arms up
he's got his arm bar if you can get it
everyone
Oh
there you go there you go
oh shit oh my gosh dude we just went
over that crap dude
same thing same thing take his ass down
put him on
take him down mark in shooting your rest
with goddamnit your wrestler what about
his back ain't gon
yeah put it down what am I
hey boss joke he got it watch it
almost done this round Justin
puff pump shoot
watch your head watch your back watch
your head watch your neck watch your
head watch your neck you got this
wherever you can go to mouth and go to
mouth well just good no time out he's
not defending
there you go
let him go going hidden make sure you
harder let's go let's go put your hands
go Justin there you go they will ever
ever fish yeah boy trapped alarms and
blasting a go-kart alone all patches
hard punches that's it there you go i
split on him stick him stick him heddo
hits in the mac him there we go
come on
I
Oh
oh that's a young